two
welcome to the wine tasting museum selection
eb to start us in this exciting world of wine accompany you
and I am jaime
nor are we going to start succinctly from going up percent what wine is
Wine is one of the most complex beverages known to man
more than a thousand different compounds become part of its composition
to unravel all these secrets and many others that we will advance in this
tasting course
let's have the definition of what is capable first
and for that, john jorba chatted
because as its name suggests it is to appreciate the different qualities that
has the producer
for use by the senses
first we see sense in sight to see the colors and nuances of
its colors
greg olsen from a background to see them to the fullest
infinite nuances that are not going to give those substances
efe
no no there is a tremendous complexity children heroes
and then 1 we will use the mouth and to see the technical tactile sensations of the
amount of the thousand flavors and aromas of reconstruction in complexity that has
this
but his simple funny play comedy three installments - for the time being he saw
that not teaching
to illustrate this course
on this page the performances and concerts were permanently injured
the wine-growing landscape
Spain
we have a
a cava of the area are healthy san sadurní de noya
these white wines
one young and one femetal barrel one pink of the year
i old pacho red fox
nebraska that you can appreciate their different times of the regiment pa + psa
you guessed it class
seven comparatives
with Slovenian
bred in the casings of this barrel in French oak liter oak
American
i will finish
with him the comparison d the two emblematic zones
in Spain the advantages of society
bonomi and we are going to start the tasting course
There are three basic elements that can not be missed
we also want to have a good group of friends who
they will accompany us in the tasting
logically magnificent wines that we will also be
as a third ingredient we have
here you can see we have a good number cecopal different formats and
sizes and volumes
in the ideal glass that we should use is a medium-sized glass
ad hoc that we have missed the top edge to concentrate the aromas
and the smells and especially very important
do not have reliefs do not have attacks habits do not have
all kinds of filigrees that are very nice to exhibit in a museum but not for
win
the transparent care colors the cup to be always transparent
there are no green blue colors
violet purple headquarters of the mint is a horror and would not allow it
the current phase and the favorite colors of wines
how are we going to welcome the cup so you see that I am and with it the hand
the first
ideal to always take it from the stem
hop from the pedestal
that's why we're going to be two things
heat the wine and secondly complain about these buoys that prevent us from seeing the phase
visual
speaking also a bit of since we have the wine served until by
We must serve the cup
when are we going to lie down
in that case we have to pretend a measure more or less than a third of the
total volume of the cup
to allow a perfect olfaction in the perfect demonstration of tic
some other tips
Juanjo will indicate the same thing
good for him
The temperature service temperature consultant is very important
the banks examined are fresh
never télam
or frozen
always fresh
6 8 degrees
the adults more --15 rotunda
8 9 degrees
reds from 16 to 18
the young reds decided
red wines crianzas 17
in reserve and we could counteract it
the judokas looked for simple that prisoners take
macri shorter banks to make them more pleasant seam
more refreshing
6 and 7
Well, the crying
to you today that what you have two glasses very similar the small size
and colors out of the table displacing the soccer player from the cup to
the rules
we are because we are before the cup normalized by the French association
standardization
the turn
also in Cuba the defects
answer we found all its antlers a very small cup that concentrated
much the aromas
the meetings towers
It is not ideal to enjoy wine by insulting the minute and being a writer
and what was contributed by the artist himself
it is a cup liberators a cup
the Bombonera
timbre of a utility is that here the color because we do not appreciate it because it came
that we are interested in seeing old wines that are polished
but its organoleptic qualities can give and receive a cereal field
but what can be confused
lula lumbre that I will be able hilarious fun can play with pieces
Black power
richard meritoria the action of using a white and red rose
and sometimes people get confused which they were attentive
the entity has to finish
and then there is another
we have up to the classic
for the horse in the senate as stretched so that the bubble its
opposite as for the room ccoo
quabit where we are going to comply is very important that we have a light
natural is a defect to the foreign
the on a background
white either from a white table or white tablecloth with what we have here
p is very important that there are no odors were similar to our environment
so that nothing is masked cel alarms if you date the popular kitchen
bet and the copilot went to pavano and neither the perfumeras cd
personal have not given that same day we see with plans for the Balearics
the discount is the same because it does not yield
it's more every day
Losada of the advances
spirit
rich explained
de arístegui sites of the pump case cup rounded and medium size with the
Meringues closer reading
and without reliefs bars as his substitute and francisco palha canal
has the strength of its capacity
and serve the wine at the right temperature
catch the cup because he never took the pedestal
of the place chosen to perform the tasting must have natural light
white table bush covered with a white tablecloth and in January lords foreign to wine